Welcome to the fabulous MoneyTracker2000 CS Department Finance Tracker! Here is all of
the different parts of the program that can be used to do accounting for the department:

Main Window:
	The Main window is the window that greets someone when they log into the program.
	The table shows all of the accounts, including their description, email, phone, and balance. 
	The menu bar on top of the program lets the user navigate through all of the views
	in the rest of the program described below.
	Accounts can only be deleted if they have no transactions on the system(i.e. balance = 0).
	
Benefits Calculator:
	This view lets the user calculate benefits for workers, whether it be staff or faculty.
	The staff benefit is 25%, and student benefit is 12.5%.
	
View Account:
	This window shows all of the transactions that the account has under their name.
	On this panel, the user can add transactions, remove transactions, and go back
	using the buttons on top. If the user tries and deletes transactions, a window will
	pop up to confirm whether or not the account should be deleted.
	
Create Account:
	This window lets the user create a new account if they fill out all of the fields.
	An account will not be created if any of the fields are false, or an invalid number
	was put into starting balance. If the user doesn't want to create a new transaction,

Transactions:
	This view shows all individual transactions on a large table, and has the account
	associated with that transaction as the first column in each transaction row. Just
	like the view account panel, the user can add and remove transactions. If the user
	decides to remove transactions, they will be asked to confirm to delete the transaction.

Add Transaction:
	This window lets the user create a new transaction, either from the view account, or
	gives them a drop down menu to select the specific account they want to add a transaction to. 
	There is an 8 percent fee taken out for all income transactions for the university,
	and an additional 4 percent taken out of credit card income transactions for a processing
	fees. On the transaction and main view the amount taken out will be displayed.